Add dts 1.1.x pub sign key (#64)
3mdeb/3mdeb-secpack: dasharo/README.md

uid                      <Platform Name> <Platform Model> Dasharo Release v0.x Signing Key
sub   rsa4096 2021-11-10 [E] [expires: 2022-11-10]
```

## Work with release signing key

Three types of operations can be done with generated key. We can:

* export public key for verification purposes,
* use it to sign a release image,
* use along others public keys to verify release image.

### Exporting public key

> After receiving the new key, signed with the public part of the key that you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After receiving the new key, typically encrypted with your employee key which should be already present in 3mdeb-secpack repository `keys/employees-keys` directory
```

Author: Suggestion added https://github.com/3mdeb/3mdeb-secpack/pull/64/commits/9ccffe26e9b19df4f1345e05d854c749ddafd07a#diff-654059b91282a5de465b6a5377ddfb808c05bef732ba1e00c66b3664c61275faR79

> have access to, please follow these steps to share the public part of new

Reviewer: ```suggestion
, please follow these steps to share the public part of new
```

please wrap accordingly

Author: Done https://github.com/3mdeb/3mdeb-secpack/pull/64/commits/9ccffe26e9b19df4f1345e05d854c749ddafd07a#diff-654059b91282a5de465b6a5377ddfb808c05bef732ba1e00c66b3664c61275faR79

> release key by adding it to this, 3mdeb-secpack, repository.

Reviewer: @TomaszAIR we have to avoid ambiguous terms like: it, this, that. It is better to be redundant in description than risking misunderstanding.

Author: Will try to remember that. Here changed https://github.com/3mdeb/3mdeb-secpack/commit/9ccffe26e9b19df4f1345e05d854c749ddafd07a#diff-654059b91282a5de465b6a5377ddfb808c05bef732ba1e00c66b3664c61275faR82
